♪ MTV ♪
This is so weird.
Why is she here?
Emotional support.
For who?
Surprise!
[Clay] You have an
employee who failed
to report theft of an asset
worth $7 million dollars.
[Monty] Every company
has a version of Tommy.
You cannot function without one.
- Kill the well.
- Take a pill.
[grunts]
You got yourself a new crew yet?
Not yet. I'm looking for one.
You just wrestled them.
[Rebecca] I need to
see the crash site.
[Nathan] They sent an expert
in causation of liability.
They're looking for
someone to blame.
They're gonna blame it on you.
You got to get this attorney
on your side. Tommy.
[Ariana] You're the worm.
Elvio did a very good
job of describing you.
You're Ariana.
[crying]
[Manuel] You ever put your arm
around my cousin's widow again.
I'll fucking kill you.
Honey. if you tell me
you want to try again.
I'll try again.
[Angela squeals. laughs]
[instructor on TV] All right.
guys. sway those hips out.
And open those
legs a little bit.
Sink into that bend.
♪ I wanna see you
roll with it... ♪
Rock it out. How
you feeling. ladies?
- [woman] Good.
- [woman 2] Feel good.
[instructor] You
ready? [laughs]
Now roll it out.
Big circles. Big.
♪ Wobble that. right
here. twerk with it ♪
Stretch out those
hamstrings. Other way.
♪ I wanna see you roll
with it. take it low... ♪
There you go. Bring
it around town.
♪ Twerk with it... ♪
Again.
♪ I wanna see you roll
with it. take it low... ♪
And we're gonna roll
it to the right. girls.
- You know what to do.
- [laughter]
Roll with it. A big one.
- Faster. together.
- [phone buzzing]
Roll with it.
- Let's warm it up. y'all.
- Yup.
Hey. we're at the
courthouse. right?
No. we're at the attorney's
office across the street.
All right. well.
text me the address.
[instructor] Now get lower!
How long is your
family staying. Tommy?
Only one of 'em is my
family. and I don't know.
Okay. well. see.
the house is essentially
my office. and they are...
How best to put this?
Disrupting your workspace.
Well put. yes.
When they twerk
in the living room
in their fucking underwear.
it disrupts my workspace.
Okay. I'll talk to 'em.
I don't want you to
talk to them. Tommy.
I want you to get
them out of the house.
This is a liability
cluster bomb.
I'm working on it.
Work faster.
I'll see you at the deposition.
- [TV playing in background]
- [Angela exhales]
- Morning. Neil.
- Nathan.
Nate. Either way.
Oh.
Are you. uh. enjoying
your workout?
Just keeping the
peach plump. Nate.
Well. that's nice. Oh.
I just...
- [instructor] And again.
- Um...
Work that spine.
[Nathan stammers]
Not-not looking.
I just need to...
get my files.
- Back to the center.
- Excuse me.
- You have a good day. now.
- Arch that back.
Yes.
Pretty wound up. that one.
[door closes]
Old men are so cute
when they're shy.
- There you go.
- [grunts]
♪ gentle music ♪
♪♪♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
♪♪♪
[Roberts] Why
didn't you report
the theft of the King Air?
I did report it.
[Nathan] This is a
copy of a report filed
with the FAA.
Note the date.
Yes. we have this.
Why did you not report
it to local authorities?
Because local authorities
have no jurisdiction.
It's the responsibility
of the FAA
to report any theft to
local law enforcement
if. in fact. it was a theft.
I don't own or manage the plane.
I don't control the manifest.
And as far as I know.
it could've been
chartered or leased out.
Objection. Speculation.
If you didn't want an answer.
you shouldn't have asked
the question. number one.
Number two. this
is a deposition.
Who was your objection
directed toward?
It's directed
toward your client.
Which is to say it's
directed toward me.
In that case.
objection is overruled.
[scoffs] Isn't it fun
being out of law school?
Maybe you should go back
since you clearly
do not understand
how a deposition works.
He is testifying under oath
to questions you ask.
The only person who
can object is me.
- I can tell him not to answer...
- You can advise.
And his failure to
answer questions
will be addressed in court.
Which it should be.
Instead of wasting our
fucking time in deposition.
Can we pause recording?
[beeps]
Can counsel speak?
By all means.
Let's step into the
conference room.
[door opens]
[sighs]
- Have a seat.
- I'm fine.
Listen. hon. we were playing
the pissed-off litigator
while you were still being
bathed by your daddy.
My father died
before I was born.
defending your right to say
offensive and sexist remarks
like the ones you
just uttered here
in front of six witnesses.
all of whom are attorneys
and three of whom are women.
So if this is how
you talk to a woman
in front of a court
reporter... [clicks tongue]
I wonder what interesting
tales they have to tell
about those late-night
discovery sessions.
Let's just take the
temperature down a notch.
Take the temperature down?
We are not the ones who
are seeking depositions.
Let me point the facts of this
case out to you. all right?
Your driver used a private road.
owned and constructed by my
client. without permission.
- We had permission.
- I've seen no such documents
- submitted by counsel.
- Permission was verbal.
- Permission from who?
- Tommy Norris.
Would you ask Mr. Norris
to come in here. please?
♪ Soft. dramatic music ♪
♪♪♪
- [Crowley] Listen. let's...
- I'm done speaking to you.
May I speak?
Feel free.
I know where you're
going with this.
and you need to understand.
a verbal agreement
is legally binding in
the state of Texas.
If it can be proven.
Did you give permission for TTP
to use our cutoff
to Highway 285?
When 302 was closed
for night construction.
they asked if they could use the
bypass. and I allowed 'em to.
Did they ask for that
courtesy to be extended
beyond the closure
of the highway?
They did not.
Were you. or any
M-TEX employees. aware
of their continued
use of the road?
I wasn't. but I can't
speak for anybody else.
Mm-hmm. You had
restricted permission.
which had expired.
You made no request
to extend it.
The plane in question
was reported stolen
and was in possession
of the thieves
at the time of the accident.
But even if it
hadn't been stolen.
we could land it in the middle
of the road whenever we want.
It's our fucking road.
You had no right.
easement. lease.
nor permission to use the road.
To assert otherwise is false.
and the mere insinuation
we were complicit
in the theft of the
plane is defamatory
and will be treated as such.
Not to mention multiple
attempts. on record.
of your partner making
a derogatory statement
about my gender and stating
that I bathed with my father.
falsely insinuating
an incestuous
and criminally
sexual relationship
with a deceased Army Ranger.
Uncle. We get it.
Do you?
Think they hired me
'cause I'm pretty?
I charge $900 an
hour. you asshole.
and you're real close
to learning why.
So. here's what
you're going to do.
You're gonna drop
this bullshit claim.
You. your client.
and your insurance company
are going to circle up
and take your eight-figure
settlement like men.
or I will sue this
firm. your client.
and your insurance company
for defamation. slander.
frivolous and
malicious prosecution.
intentional infliction
of emotional distress.
mental anguish. and...
anything else I
can come up with.
And when this is
over in seven years.
you will be disbarred
and I will hang your law
degrees over my fucking toilet.
[laughing]
Ah. shit.
I'm sorry. Sorry.
Would you draft up the
settlement. please?
And make sure it's
withdrawn with prejudice.
Oh. no one is leaving but me.
Draft the settlement here.
have them sign it here.
Don't you want to be here
to negotiate the language?
We're not negotiating language.
This is a surrender.
They sign what you write.
and I'll be waiting
at the courthouse
with CBS News if they don't.
Is that how you play
pissed-off litigator?
[scoffs]
Didn't think so.
[clears throat]
You're good to go. Tommy.
Rebecca?
So. I'm done with my deposition?
Everyone's done
with the deposition.
You want to go have a drink?
A drink?
Yeah. Let's go have a drink.
To... what? Discuss the
next eight-figure lawsuit
we're facing because of you?
Not because of me.
You stand in the
fall guy position.
That makes them about you.
Well. that's not what I
want to talk about. anyway.
Well. what do you
want to talk about?
Shit. I don't know. Just talk.
You know. about you. the
weather. Shit. I don't know.
The weather in West Texas? Hot.
What else are we
gonna talk about?
Um...
Well. your dad was an
Army Ranger. Start there.
My father is an investment
banker in Chicago.
I made that shit up.
You know. I didn't
give you enough credit.
Nobody does.
Look. I'm a fairly
goal-oriented person.
in case you didn't notice.
so I need to understand
the purpose of this drink.
There's no purpose. I
just enjoyed watching you.
and I thought we'd
give a little toast
to a pretty one-sided
ass-whipping. that's all.
Hmm. 60-year-old.
two-pack-a-day smoker
who's living in a rent
house in Midland. Texas
is not how I've drawn
up my dream man.
And if you're thinking
something a little more casual.
you're up against a little toy
the size of a lipstick case
that doesn't talk back and never
makes me sleep in the wet spot.
Well. you lawyers sure do
think shit through. don't you?
I barely got past a
beer. which. by the way.
I'm gonna have whether
you're with me or not.
[Rebecca] I'll follow you.
[Tommy] Fair enough.
♪ Cowboy hat fits
you awful nice ♪
♪ With every drink. I'm
scooting closer to your side ♪
♪ Since when am I the one
to make all the moves? ♪
♪ With you. I feel like I
can break all the rules ♪
♪ Well. how lucky am I... ♪
This is the worst
spring break ever.
We could go get pedicures.
You think there's
Asian women in Midland?
Good point. baby.
♪ The western sky with... ♪
Well. I don't know.
♪ In my eyes for you to... ♪
We could go to the country club.
Yeah.
[laughs] That's my girl.
♪ How lucky am I? ♪
[Turnpike Troubadours'
"Gin. Smoke. Lies" playing]
♪♪♪
Is that what I think it is?
It depends on what
you think it is.
I think it's a felony.
It's what you think it is.
Hey. Dan.
How's the wife?
Is she still going
through her chemo?
Piece of shit.
What. y'all quit policing
the wildlife around here?
What the fuck? What
did I do to you?
Don't come over here. If
you're gonna sell your ass.
do it over there.
- I have an open tab.
- I don't give a shit.
Hey. can you just go back to
your seat over there. ma'am?
- Appreciate you.
- Fucking asshole.
Man. there's nothing
I can do. all right?
She put down a credit
card on her tab.
As long as she keeps buying
drinks. we can't kick her out.
Did you bother to
check her I.D.?
Geez. why didn't
I think of that?
Yeah. I checked her fucking I.D.
This fucking bartender.
You're telling me she's 21?
What I'm telling you is
that her I.D. says she's 21.
just like most of your crew have
valid Social Security numbers.
- Touché.
- [chuckles]
Do you want another?
Yeah. I might as well.
Girl's right. You're an asshole.
Maybe she doesn't
have any other choice.
Are you shitting me?
Look around this place. You
see all these waitresses
working their asses off for
a third of what she makes?
No. she had a choice and
she chose the shortcut.
which is always
the longest road.
Boomtowns.
Hell. we're not any
different than Tombstone
or Dodge City or San Francisco.
First comes the dreamers.
then the bankers.
then the salesmen.
then the sharks.
then the desperate.
and then the thieves.
What happens in a bust?
Well. you want oil to live
above 60 but below 90.
And don't get me wrong.
we're still printing
money at 90. but...
gas gets up over $3.50 a
gallon. it starts to pinch.
It hits a hundred.
every product in America
has to readjust its price.
$78 a barrel. that's
about perfect.
You know. brings enough
profit to keep exploring.
but it don't sting
as much at the pump.
Unless. of course.
you're in California.
I mean. they tax the
shit out of it out there.
It could be $45 a barrel. and
it's still four dollars to pump.
I don't know how those
son-bitches do it out there.
2020. a barrel of
oil was worthless.
This place became a ghost town.
And nobody's immune.
Kids have to quit college.
Trucks get sold or repo'd.
Houses. too.
People quit going to the doctor
'cause they lost
their insurance.
Yeah. a bust affects
everything in a town like this.
Even the lifespan
of the population.
The smart ones. they
pay cash for everything
and then sock away enough
to ride out the troughs.
but there ain't that
many smart ones.
This is how you have
a celebration drink?
Well. shit. you asked.
♪ Well. if you've been true ♪
- [club manager] Mrs. Norris.
- Oh. I'm Mrs. Russo now.
Ah. yes.
The club is closed for a
private event this evening.
Really?
- Yes. ma'am.
- What's the event?
The private kind.
Mm-hmm.
[whistles] Let's go.
Where are we going now?
Who cares? Not here.
♪ Hopeful music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ "Wrecked" by
Turnpike Troubadours ♪
♪♪♪
[indistinct chatter]
♪ Well. lookin' back
when I met you... ♪
[man] When I first went
to work in the oil field.
there were three
kinds of people:
worms. ginsels and skinheads.
[Tommy] So. Monty got
in at $900 an acre
- on a 30.000-acre track in 2011.
- [Rebecca] Mm-hmm.
Started fracking and
drilling horizontals.
This whole area was played out.
They'd been drilling
here since 1921.
Pretty worn.
Well. Monty's got a
lease outside Midland
in an area they call
the Delaware Subbasin.
He sold 10.000 acres in 2019
for $70.000 an acre.
$700 million dollars
in one transaction.
And then. in 2020.
he bought it all back
at ten cents on the dollar.
- [chuckles]
- [scoffs] Wow.
Paid 'em with their own money.
And he grew up with nothing.
Raised in a little trailer
park in Pennsylvania.
He got a scholarship
to play ball at Tech.
He was smart enough
to know football
wasn't really a business. it
was more of a dream. so...
[Rebecca] I thought
you said it's dreamers
who come to this place.
Well. it can be the dream.
but you got to have
a plan. you know?
Most don't.
Monty always had a plan.
Matter of fact. I think
he made more money
during the busts than
he did the booms.
Evening. ladies.
- Evening.
- Breakfast or supper?
Happy hour.
- All right. my kind of table.
- [chuckles]
Two Tito's margaritas.
Tito's is a vodka.
I'm trying to behave.
[chuckles] Gotcha.
Y'all want some
appetizers for the table?
Do you have anything keto?
Uh. shrimp cocktail
is pretty keto.
Hmm. Little far from
the ocean for seafood.
Well. we can fry 'em.
Kind of defeats the
purpose. don't you think?
You know. they grind
up them shrimp tails
and they put 'em in all
those weight-loss pills.
so feet for tail. you
ain't gaining a pound.
Is that true?
Proof is in the
pudding. darling.
Hmm? [chuckles]
We'll do a basket of the shrimp.
You got it.
You learn something
new every day.
That looks like Daddy.
That sorry son of a bitch.
[Tommy] You want
another drink?
No. I got to drive.
and so do you.
There ain't no alcohol in this.
Those are nonalcoholic?
Yeah. they're nonalcoholic
if you're an alcoholic.
[Tommy] I swear to God.
Barney is a trust-fund kid
that bartends for fun.
'cause he damn sure
don't want a tip.
No. I divorced whiskey
about nine years ago.
Remember us. motherfucker?
Matter of fact. the same
week I divorced her.
You got a side piece?
Daddy. you don't have
another daughter. do you?
First off. goddamn. girls.
No. honey. you're
my only daughter.
And by the way. you have to have
a main piece before you
can have a side piece.
and I ain't got either one.
This is Rebecca "Falcon."
She's an attorney
representing the company.
Sounds like a fucking
Marvel character.
It's pronounced "Fal-coney."
and it sounds like it's Italian.
- Mm-hmm.
- We just got out of court.
Well. it looks
like it went well.
Why are you here?
[Angela] We wanted a drink.
She's on spring break.
and she should be
drinking. Come on.
This is Aledo's
mother of the year.
in case you were wondering.
- [Angela] Thank you.
- Well. y'all enjoy it
'cause we're about to head out.
Together?
Well... [sighs]
as a matter of coincidence.
we will be leaving the
café at the same time.
and we're gonna get
in different cars
and go to our respective homes.
Not that I owe you a
fucking explanation.
Well. you don't want
to stay for supper?
- No. honey.
- [Angela] Yeah. Tommy.
Stay for supper.
Your lawyer and her lips
are welcome to join us.
No. I'm sure she'd
rather go home
and push her cuticles back
with a fucking screwdriver.
I'd love to join.
Well... suit yourself.
We have a table right there.
Now. you know this
has the potential
of becoming a real scene.
- you understand that. right?
- Mm-hmm.
I have a funny feeling
I'm gonna learn a lot
about you tonight. Tommy.
Let me get this.
I already got it.
♪ Caught up in your headlights ♪
♪ Well. I was blindsided
in plain sight ♪
[machinery whirring]
♪ purposeful music ♪
♪♪♪
Oh. stop. stop! [shouting]
- [Boss] What's going on?
- [screaming]
[Manuel] Stop
work. fucking stop!
The fuck is going on. Antonio?
[screaming]
- Kill the rig!
- Oh. shit. he hurt.
- Fuck. Fuck. fuck.
- Now go get him. go get him.
He coming.
Ah. hurry up!
[groaning]
Get on the blocks. worm.
What?
Hold on tight.
[Manuel] Antonio.
we're coming.
[groaning]
[Boss] Shit.
You okay?
[Manuel speaks Spanish]
[Antonio screaming]
Now I got to unclip him.
Oh. fuck.
[Antonio screams]
Lean back. lean back. lean back!
Hold on. hold on. hold on.
All right. all right. all
right. Give him to me.
- I got him. I got him.
- He's passing out!
- Hold on. hold on.
- [Boss] Take him down slow!
All right. let's go down!
I got him. I got him.
Oh. shit!
Fuck!
[engine starts]
[grunts]
[Cooper] He's out. he's out!
[Boss] I got him. I got him!
[Cooper] You got him?
[Dale] What the fuck happened?
- Come right here. Come on now.
- Oh. shit. his hand's fucked.
- Come on.
- Watch his head.
Yeah. watch his head.
Manny. you got him?
- Boss. get down here!
- [Boss] Yeah!
Cooper. get that
front door open!
[Manuel shouts indistinctly]
- [Boss] I'm coming.
- [grunting]
I got him.
- Go. go. go. go.
- [Dale] Goddamn it!
[Manuel] God... Shit.
Keep that door open.
Come on. get him in.
Push.
[Dale] We'll get him in.
You're all right. Tony.
- [Boss] Yeah. pull.
- You're all right. Tony.
[Boss] He's in.
- [Dale] Boss!
- Yeah.
You get that rig running!
We need this well on
line in the morning!
Yes. sir.
We're a man down!
That sounds like
a problem. Manny.
I didn't ask you for a problem.
I asked you for a
solution. Find one!
[Dale] Fuck.
- Oh. fuck.
- [Manuel] Fuck.
You know what a
derrickhand does. right?
Yeah. f-feeds the pipe.
Put this shit on.
Feeds the pipe into the
fingers of the derrick.
Just don't jam me the fuck
up down here. you got it?
- I got it.
- Okay.
[Angela] My dream was to see
George Strait in concert.
That was part of the dream.
The other part was
climbing him like a cat
and riding that
fine son of a bitch
until he had calluses
on his thighs.
[chuckles] So.
it's my birthday.
and we are flying high.
Oil's over a hundred a barrel.
- Hundred and forty-three.
- [Angela] Mm-hmm.
So Tommy says. "I'm
gonna take you to Cancún.
Grandparents are
gonna watch the kids."
You were two. I think.
Baby. you were just
like a fat. little bug.
So we go to the FBO.
get on this plane. and
I'm dressed for the beach.
Plane takes off. and
not 20 minutes later
we're landing.
I look out the window.
we're in Lubbock.
Tommy says. "There's some
issue with the plane.
Let's get something to eat."
So we go to the Overton Hotel.
and he says he's got a room.
Now. I think he's being frisky
'cause Tommy's still not above
making a detour for a good poke.
Come on. honey.
don't say that...
- Dad.
- In front of people. God.
[laughter]
[Angela] We go out
to this giant suite
where there is a
black sequin ball gown
laying on the bed.
- Mm.
- And he says. "Put it on."
I do.
He comes out of the other room
wearing this tux.
And he says to me.
"I lied to you. baby.
We're not going to Mexico.
We're gonna stay
right here in Lubbock.
and I'm gonna make one half
of your dream come true."
He takes me down to the ballroom
where George Strait is
playing a private event.
And we two-stepped
that dance floor
with George Strait
playing just for us.
[Turnpike Troubadours'
"Empty as a Drum" playing]
♪ And I'm gonna give
it one more minute... ♪
Three weeks later.
the markets crashed
and oil dropped to 30.
♪ Empty as a drum... ♪
We lost everything.
♪ Could you spare a cigarette? ♪
♪ I hate to be a bum... ♪
And I do mean everything.
Shit. I just
remembered. I got to go.
Can we get a ride back with you?
Well. it's gonna be a while yet.
I. uh. got to check
on a rig. so...
- Oh. I can call an Uber.
- I can give you a ride.
Well. I-I'll see you
at the house. hon.
All right.
♪ When you darkened up... ♪
He doesn't like to
talk about the bust.
No. I guess... I
guess he wouldn't.
♪ And you kissed me ♪
♪ Said I can't say
that I'm great ♪
♪ Oh. Lord. I hate
it that I'm... ♪
[machinery whirring]
[whirring continues]
- Tommy.
- Hey.
You just got one floor hand.
I had to send one
up the derrick.
Derrickhand got smashed.
Dale took him to the hospital.
Is he gonna be all right?
As long as he can jack
off with his left hand.
I guess. yeah.
Who is that?
Not my idea.
Manuel.
Is it going smooth?
Going smooth now.
♪ Yeah. it all went down
round these four walls ♪
♪ If it's anyone's fault ♪
♪ It's the lime and the salt ♪
♪ For breaking
this broken heart ♪
♪ I blame the bar... ♪
Remarried?
What's your husband do?
Builds hotels.
♪ That it didn't work out... ♪
Can I ask...
what you're doing here?
♪ Being young and dumb... ♪
We're on spring break.
You're not his type.
You mean aside from the
30-year age difference?
Tommy needs calamities. You
know. he needs blowouts.
He needs to control things
that can't be controlled
to feel like a man.
Why are you so jealous of me?
Honey. I could sleep
with your boyfriend
in front of you.
and there's nothing
that you could do about it.
I mean. why are
you jealous at all?
He's not your husband.
You have a different husband.
[Angela scoffs]
Fucking lawyers.
♪ Mmm ♪
[indistinct chatter on TV]
Burning the midnight oil. Nate?
One down. two to go.
Working out settlements
for the Medina family.
Did they file suit?
Just getting ahead of it.
Do the right thing.
Well. those are two
different things. Nathan.
You still awake. babe?
[sighs]
[woman on TV] It's-it's
crazy 'cause I-I believe you.
but then I-I kind
of don't. you know?
[mutes audio]
[sets remote down]
Okay. what's wrong?
She's a quitter.
She's a fucking quitter.
[sniffles] Market crashes
and she leaves you.
Finds the richest man
who will have her.
Well. honey. there's
more to it than that.
No. there isn't.
It's hard to describe what
it means to lose everything.
Your house and your car.
We had to sell all
of her jewelry.
And I was no picnic.
I hid in a bottle and didn't
come out till she left me.
She was just trying
to do the best thing
for you and your brother.
And it's not worth one
tear out of you. hon.
Okay.
And it doesn't matter because...
even if there
hadn't been a bust.
we would've still ended.
We're just oil and water.
You know what I mean?
[both chuckle]
[sniffles]
You get some sleep. honey.
I'll never quit you.
No matter what the market does.
I know you won't. baby girl.
♪ Somber music ♪
♪♪♪
[Angela crying]
[sobbing]
Every damn woman in my life.
All right. let me have it.
We were great
together. weren't we?
Honey... [chuckles]
We had a terrible marriage.
interrupted by brief
moments of joy.
I mean. remember. you
were pretty miserable
during the booms. don't forget.
You were always gone.
And I'll always be gone.
That's the job. hon.
I mean. we had great sex
and I made you
laugh. that was it.
I've lived the alternative.
[sighs]
I'll take great sex
and a laugh any day.
What else is there?
Look. I don't have a side piece
and I'm not looking
to be one myself.
I'm gonna leave him.
That's a pretty
nice house he's got.
[chuckles]
It's a five-minute walk
to the fucking kitchen.
Big. nice jet.
The jet is nice. but...
successful relationships
require a sacrifice.
It's gonna be hard to
give up that Bentley.
The Bentley's in my name. baby.
This ain't my first rodeo.
[chuckles]
Say yes.
It's a huge mistake.
I got three roommates.
Say yes.
[grunts]
Oh. fuck.
That's the plan. baby.
That's a lot of homework.
[both yelp]
What are you doing?
Working. What the fuck?
[footfalls approach]
Nate. that's your
last cup of coffee.
Honey. please put
some clothes on.
Somebody's gonna
have a heart attack.
Well. I need to
go shopping. then.
The only clothes I have
were to seduce my boyfriend.
Don't have that problem anymore.
You certainly do not.
- Busy kitchen.
- Yeah.
I'm going to my room.
Discretion's the better
part of valor. Nate.
[Nathan sighs]
[Nathan] Oh. God.
[door opens]
[coffee pouring]
[door closes]
What?
[squeals]
[laughter]
All right. we're gonna have a
little fucked-up family hug?
[Angela squeals]
[laughter]
Are we moving here for good?
Moving here for good. honey.
[contented sigh]
Wow.
Wow. you must've really
pulled out the special sauce.
Daddy told me just last night
how bad y'all are together.
Really?
[fridge door opens]
Well. she was taking
that out of context.
Mm-hmm.
Anyway. I got a big day.
so I'm gonna get out of here.
Bye. honey.
- Hey.
- Yeah?
- Ow. Goddamn.
- [laughs]
See you later.
[Tommy] Ah. yeah.
I must be out of
my fucking mind.
♪ Optimistic music ♪
♪♪♪
[machinery creaking]
- Dale.
- Yeah.
- What's it read?
- Well. we just got it going.
And. uh...
Oh. Here we go.
- We got a fucking gusher. boys.
- Yeah. we do.
[phone rings]
Hey. how'd it go?
She's running.
Good.
Can you give me some numbers?
She'll pump over 250 a day.
We're in a good pocket.
Well. I don't like gambling.
but it paid off this time.
- Good work.
- Thank you. sir.
♪ Tranquil music ♪
♪♪♪
How'd he do?
Stepped up when we
needed him most.
Stepped up big-time.
That boy worked the derrick
like he'd been
doing it all winter.
All right.
Well...
I want you to come
see your mama.
She's still here?
She's gonna stick
around a while.
We're gonna give
it another shot.
Why would you do that?
'Cause that's how
fucking stupid I am.
[chuckles softly]
♪♪♪
[phone buzzing]
Yeah.
[Ariana clears throat] Cooper.
Yeah. who's this?
Ariana.
How are you?
Um... been better.
Uh. is there anything I can do?
Hello?
I need to see you.
Can you do that for me?
Yeah. Yeah. I can do that.
♪ Gentle music ♪
♪♪♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm